How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It pointed out the exact line where there was a difference between the 2 files.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I could check for exact changes made in history and easily revert changes that have caused bugs/errors in the file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros : I could commit only when the changes are big enough to be a 'logical change'. 
    Cons: Sometimes I might forget to save a file and lose changes because of a shutdown/ I could have too many changes committed at once which would be difficult to go through in the history of the file.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allows saving multiple files because a logical change done in a project might involve multiple files. Committing the change in only 1 file could break the system. Google docs 
involves editing of single documents . Hence, each file is treated seperately.    

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log gives the list of all the commits done to a file along with the description of the changes done in each commit. git diff points out the exact changes done between 2 commits for a file

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I could checkout my previous commits and find out in which commit the bug was introduced. This would make it easier to pin-point the commit where the bug was introduced and revert the changes if needed.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try making changes in my project files and check for differences between different versions.
    